Hail Marcello here again in this lesson you're going to learn about a very important function which
will accompany you all the time during your career as a WordPress developer and the name of it is get
play a part.
Function as get straight to the point and open up our index that BHP file.
Anyone who has at least basic knowledge of BHB knows that we use a command called require that you include
files within another file in wordpress we have something similar which is the Gets template part function.
It works much like HP require including template parts inside another template file to exemplify how
this function works.
I'm going to cut out this NL article which repeats itself inside the loop and base its contents inside
another file.
Let's create a folder inside the Sims folder called template hyphen parts here.
Let's create a file called content that BHP
and inside it spaced in the code we cut before
I go back to index that be right now if I write something here in place of that article that content
will repeat according to the number of times the loop runs.
For example let's add a paragraph here and notice that this paragraph will repeat here a few times every
single repetition corresponds to the number of balls found on the database brought to us by the Word
Press loop.
Now if I want to bring the content that it's now inside the new contact page file when it is used to
get stained plate part function.
This is a very useful function will often use it when you develop your Wordpress themes.
So let's call it here instead of the paragraph
Well first how does it work.
This function has two parameters.
The first one is always required.
And the word press Codex has a somewhat complicated explanation for this function but I'll try to make
it simple.
The first parameter we pass is the file name we want to call without the BHB extension.
In our case this will be tinplate hyphen parts for Slash content.
Since our content that file is inside the template parts folder.
Let's suppose that it's not inside any folder then we will just have the word content.
OK.
The second parameter is optional.
We want to use it now but it will be very useful in the next lesson.
When you talk about both formats and save that and now let's go back to our thing
look now the content of the theme is again complete.
But then you might ask me what why do I have to use that.
I didn't see any difference.
The thing didn't get any faster.
Anyway it seems that nothing happened Marcello really.
Apparently nothing happened but we made a way to use several very important programming concepts here.
First do not repeat yourself.
That is don't create lines in more lines of code when you can write much less and get the same result.
Also by doing what we did here we will have a cleaner code one that will be easier to understand by
other developers which is recommended in any WordPress him.
We changed several lines with HCM malcontent and moved to another location leaving the cold shoulder.
Easier to be read well it just scratched the surface of this new function in the next lesson.
We come back and we're going to show an even more practical use for it.
So see you later.